[THRUST OF WIND]
[LOGO MUSIC]
[DRIVING MUSIC]
[MEDITATIVE MUSIC]
>> Why were the Mu and Annunaki
chosen to create the structure
of our civilization?
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano.
In this episode, we will
explore these two species
and uncover how they created
the first human civilizations
on the planet.
The Elohim were the
architects of the universe.
They needed different
perspectives of evolution
in order to create the
idea of a living being.
In order to have a process of
a living planet and a living
evolutionary path for
every spiritual being born
in the third dimension, they
needed the fourth dimension
to be also rooted in
the physical worlds,
so that's why they
needed the four
processes to create a sphere.
They needed positive
and negative,
and also they needed
life and death.
For human species
when we started,
we had to understand the
world in a way physical.
We counted the realities
around us through our fingers.
That's why we had this count of
10 because we have 10 fingers.
But we in Atlantan times,
the counting was 12.
12 was the 10 fingers
plus the hands.
And there was a 13,
which was the connection
to the heart, the main point.
So we said that we had 12
aspects in the physical world,
and we have a 13
in the timeline.
So this structure
made us recognize
that we needed to
live and to see
the reality through 12 different
aspects, 12 different faces.
And at the moment when the
people from the skies came,
we could understand by seeing
the reality of the planet we
were in, that the planets,
that the structures were not
only physical but also
structural by time.
So that's why we seek
the shape of the 12,
multiply it by many times by the
times of the spirit, the soul,
and the body.
So that's why we had the
nine path of the spirit,
the mind, plus the
one that is created,
realizing about the mind
of the universe, then
the soul of the universe,
and then the physical one.
So we had the 10/10/10
structure of the universe.
And we have these 12
faces of realities
in the three-dimensional world.
So uniting the timelines
of the process, which
were the 10/10/10,
and then uniting
the faces of the process,
which were the 12
aspects of numerology
that we had in Atlantis,
we found 360 degrees.
The people from
the space help us
understand that
these two together
gave the shape of a sphere.
The shape of a sphere
was these 360 degrees
that were born from these
three aspects of unity, which
were the 10 of spirit, 10
soul, 10 body in the 12
phases of the matter.
So the 12 by 30 would
give us this reality
of the sphere, which we should
accomplish, that we should see
as a being, as a shape, that
we had to imitate to get
into the core of reality.
So this introduction of
the time and space dividing
by 60, by 30, by
90, was a structure
brought by the high-level
beings in other dimensions.
At the time where
humanity was arising
to understand that we had to
go to every spot of the planet,
this mathematics
helped us to find
the portals of the
planet and the times
in which we should do that.
That helps us to understand
that humanity was not only
a civilization in one spot, but
we had to go into many spots
into different times.
And at the moment we reach every
space and every time in the 360
degrees of the
sphere, we were going
to be able to reach
the mind of God.
And that was a concept that
the architects of the universe
brought.
It was a concept brought by
the Sirian people from Inna.
And they were the
ones helping us
to understand that we should
keep the numbers of the sphere
in order to get to the core.
And that brings us to
understand that the reality--
it was not perfect.
Because if we created
a perfect reality,
we wouldn't have the timeline
to improve the reality.
So that's why the project
was to reflect the perfection
and make, like, distortion
of the project, so we
don't have it specifically the
perfection of time and space.
So we could always evolve
and always transform
and not to be the same.
That was the project of
what we called now Lucifer.
Lucifer was the being in
the sixth dimension that
created this idea of going
outside the perfection project
and creating a
little delay in time
and a little
distortion in space.
We could have this
opportunity to have
another process of experience,
another process of introduction
to time and space.
And this kept us
involved in this reality,
like if it were a labyrinth
from where we cannot escape.
The old architects
of Sirius taught
to the architects in
this planet that we
had this unbalanced
time and space
in the process of evolution.
So we needed to
honor that process
and to make it in balance.
That's why we have in this
planet the 360 degrees
and 360 days to
accomplish the perfection.
But the structure of
the sixth dimension
switched it to more days, so
we never find the perfection
so we could improve once
and again, once and again,
through time and space.
So this five more days that
we have in our calendar
are to help us
evolve in another way
so we could be free
from perfection.
Because for beings in this
sixth dimensional realities,
perfection is something
that settles you
to the idea of
everything is perfect
so there's nothing to do.
And the goal of
the sixth dimension
is to have stuff to create,
to improve, to transform.
So that's why they
changed the time and space
so we could have distortion
of this reality of perfection.
So that's why these other five
days we have in this planet
are those to celebrate
the opportunity
to evolve, to
transform, and to honor
the diversity in the universe.
Positive and negative
were the ones
that created the idea
of the mind and heart.
There were the emotions
and the thoughts.
And those two ways of
creating the path of evolution
made these two structures
of positive and negative
be limited in the
space through time,
by creating these
two species or races
that help us to survive in
the three-dimensional worlds.
Like the reptilians,
the Soffhir,
and Nemnir, the
giants, these two
were populating
the worlds in order
to bring the
emotions and the mind
and to put all the
information in just one spot.
But also they needed
another perspective.
That was the integration and
the transcendence of that.
In time, that we have
the four perspectives
of the cycle of evolution,
expression, experimentation,
integration, and
transcendence, we
needed also that four
statements of time
rooted in the space, what
we call north, south,
east, and west.
So as reptilians and giants
were the rulers of the north
and south, the positive
and the negative,
the new ones on
ruling the space would
have to be the balance
in between east and west.
The balance between
east and west
would mean that the
cycle of consciousness
would be to awake
and to go to sleep.
In every cycle that
we are going to have
along the history
and the story, we
need the consciousness
to be awake
in every part of the sphere.
So that's why we needed
two civilizations
to be in the opposite of the
planet so when one is sleeping,
the other one is
activated by the sun.
That is why the
civilization of Alithir
has to come to this planet
in the Pacific Ocean.
And in the opposite of it,
in the Mediterranean Sea
and Middle East, the
Aessir had to come
to be the race of the sun.
In Atlantan times,
we used to call
them the Alithir and Aessir.
But now you may know them,
Alithir as the Mu civilization
and Aessir as the Annunaki.
One of the main reasons
why Alithir came here,
according to the plan of Elohim,
200,000 years ago was to see
if it was possible for some
beings from other planets
to live literally in
this planet and to see
if the [? immunological
? ] system of the Earth
wouldn't kill them.
So these beings that
came from outer space
to live in the oceans, they were
trying to understand the Earth
and to be really connected
to Earth, to plants,
to the stones, to
the minerals, so they
could be related and known by
the Earth as a part of them.
But it took a long
time for them to be
able to settle a
civilization in this planet.
And also 50,000 years ago,
the Aessir did the same.
They started to analyze
the whole planet
and to see where it was better
to settle the civilization.
They were more
attached to humans,
and they used to inhabit
the deserts, the mountains,
and the continents.
They came to this
planet to populate
the vast amount of
ground, and they
were ruling the highest
mountains of the world
while the other ones
were in the sea.
So both civilizations has this
positive and negative structure
in which on one hand had the
west and the Pacific Ocean,
were connected to the
water, and the other ones
were connected to Earth.
So both civilizations
where one also, Alithir
connected to the
Earth and Aessir
connected also to the sun.
And that's why they were
called the civilization of sun.
And once they settled
in Middle East,
they created the
first civilizations
around 20,000 years ago,
bringing the sun to Earth,
bringing the heaven
on this planet.
The Alithir were
guided to this planet
through the biggest portal
that the Earth has created.
And it was when the
moon crashes with Earth.
The biggest crater that
exists in the planet
is the Pacific Ocean.
So the middle of
the Pacific Ocean
was the portal through
where all the water
and all information
from the skies
came straight to this planet.
So that's why that was the
biggest portal through where
these higher level beings could
enter this planet, this world.
And this creator has this
Trinity imprinted on it
with Earth, so they
populated all the region
to hold information
from this crater,
and they settle in this
triangle of islands,
which is Hawaii; Rapa Nui,
Easter Island; and New Zealand.
All the information from
water, life, and the sky,
it's in the middle of
those three islands.
So that is why they had these
buildings in New Zealand,
in Micronesia, in the statues
of Easter Island, Rapa Nui.
All these are bonded
with Alithir culture.
We used to call the Alithir
the angels of the sea
because they were
so subtle that we
used to see them like
angels because they
had this special way of body
that they seemed so angelical.
They were very tall
with long face,
and they had always
the same face,
like, if nothing happened,
not even if something wrong
was happening or something
good was happening,
they were always centered.
They were so soft that they
seemed to be levitating.
And we had this
idea that they came
from the core of the light of
the galaxy, the star of Vega,
the heart of the galaxy.
They were these angels on Earth,
connected to air and water,
and they populated all the
Pacific Ocean and the Indian
Ocean.
And they were like the
keepers of the information
of the water.
So Nemnir were the keepers
of the ice in the past,
and they were the
keepers of the water
so they had a lot
of relationship
with all the whales,
dolphins, and the animals
in the water that keep the
information through sound
and vibration inside the water.
Some people remember
that their civilization
had like this crystal
cities, like shiny cities.
But they were not
specifically crystal.
They were decorated with
quartz, so the vibration
can hold information, and
that's what made it so shiny.
In this planet, we needed
stone to hold information
so they had these big
structures made up with stones
and decorated with quartz.
So they could have
this information
shining in their cities.
And what they used to travel
was more magnetical and moving
by themselves.
They used to live here, and
they had no communications
with the outer world in space.
So that's why they
moved through ships
that had these
quartz plates that
could move through the ocean
by vibration than a spaceship
or something like that.
Alithir were connected
through telepathy,
and their civilization
used to work like beehive.
They had not this
structure that we
have in society with debates,
with kings or queens.
Even if they had
kind of a queen,
it was not the ruler
of the civilization.
They were all almost the
same, and nobody used
to say to anyone what to do.
They kind of just
vibrate, like bees,
and they could communicate
through that vibration.
So that's why in
the water, vibration
flows better so that's why
whales and dolphins had
a better communication
with them.
So all the information
of the oceanic creatures
was passed to them.
And the information from
the heavens, from the stars,
was passed to the
whales and dolphins
through them, through
the vibration.
They had this big heart chakra.
And the beat of their hearts--
they used to say, the
beat of the hearts
were listened in every spot
where water could reach.
And if you could
close your eyes,
you can even feel the
beehive vibrating still today
in the planet.
Aessir, those who came from
the stars, from the heavens,
from the unseen,
what we call it,
they came from one of the stars
of the Orion's constellation.
Orion portal is one of the
most important in the galaxy.
They were big people,
like the giants.
They had this military shape
of valor, really strong.
You can compare that with the
gods of Greece and Middle East,
that have all these
muscles and big beards.
They were the first ones to be
really attached to humanity.
All the rest were
just connecting
with humanity in some
moments and some times
and not really in a
strict connection.
But Aessir had come here
to really modify who we are
and why we're here.
They came to this planet guided
by the Orion's constellation
but not directly from the
constellation of Orion.
They came from other
planets that were dying.
Because they have nowhere to
go, their confederation kind of
guided them here
because they knew
that the potential
that they had was
able to awake the potential
of humanity very fast.
So that's why they came
here, guided by the Elohim
with a major purpose.
But they had their own purpose.
Their own purpose was
to take all the material
that they could from
this planet so they
can rebuild their own planet.
They needed minerals
from this world
so they needed workers to
take the minerals for them.
That's why they brought
this system of families.
Now they start to rule every
region, like different families
that had different kingdoms to
rule different races of humans.
And they started to control
them with mind and heart.
They saw that humans, we were
really weak in mind and heart,
so it was really
easy to convince us
they were coming from
heaven so they were gods.
So if we don't do whatever they
wanted, it would be bad for us.
They were really powerful, but
their power was just ideas.
They had only ideas
of how to rule.
And because the
first civilization
that helped humans to aware of
themselves were the reptilians.
That's why the
Aessir, the Annunaki,
took the reptilians'
idea to show themselves,
like part of that
civilization, so they
could accept the idea of
power through the snake.
And that is why
they chose the Iran
portal of the heart
of the snake to teach
people about the wisdom
but in their way.
So they took men to do the
control of the society.
They were the first ones to
bring the language of gods
here on planet.
They didn't use
the mind to talk.
They used the tongue,
used the throat.
They used words.
So they were more
connected to the humans,
and they also had
relations with humans.
So many of the
people in this planet
were descendants of
those people that we were
calling the giants, Annunaki.
Due to the evolution
of this planet,
we have been so many creatures.
We have inside the
information of ever
being in the oceans, every bird,
every reptilians, every mammal.
So we have all this
information within that
with the consciousness and
aware of the individual
for the first time as humans.
We call all that
information emotions.
Emotions are the energies
that hold all the programmings
of all evolution and
every being that we
have been in the whole history.
So the species
that came to Earth,
they knew that we had a
part of them in this planet,
so they were attached
to that part of us.
And they passed the information
from their own worlds
through the codes that
were similar in this world.
So we had the codes of
reptiles in this planet
from very, very
long in evolution.
But they took that
information that we had within
to help them to transcend
through evolution.
In order to survive in this
planet we needed two emotions,
and they are very important.
One is fear, and the
other one is frustration.
Those two emotions were
related to the tools
we had to survive because,
through frustration, we
recognize our limits.
So when we recognize
our limits, we'll
look for tools in order to
go over that frustration
and that limit.
And through the
emotion of fear, we
knew how to survive because
by hiding, by fighting,
we could be alive more
time than if we just
don't care about anything.
So that's why animals has
just this main emotion,
mostly fear, because it's
the one that keeps us alive.
But this is while
we are unconscious.
The Annunaki, they
were those giants
that some ancient
cultures call Nephilim.
They designed a
system to control us
and to make fear of us.
What they did was
to create many ideas
in our society, some creatures
attacking us, some demons.
But those creatures,
they never existed.
They were only in our mind,
but they were using that image
in order to control
us to keep going
with their harvest of energy.
This information about
energy that we call emotion
is one of the most
important things
that the universe has
created because emotions
are the portals towards
every dimension.
Whoever rules their emotions
are able to transcend
every dimension
in just one spot.
So imagine that every human is
like a big energy factory that
is opening portals
all the time, but we
don't know how to use it.
So the reptilians
first saw this,
and they thought that women
were the factories of people.
So we had to teach women
how to use that energy.
And from that energy, we would
know how to use male energy.
So it was kind of a matriarchal
civilization in which the women
were ruling through emotion
all the masculine aspect
of society.
But after a long time
when Aessir came to Earth,
Aessir took that information
from the emotions,
and they made us forget
how to handle emotions.
So we had no idea how to
use this factory of energy
that we have within.
So as much energy we
lose, they had more energy
to feed their own worlds.
And that is not only for the
species that came in that time.
It's also for the species
that brought them here
to this planet in
the fourth dimension.
Fourth dimension
doesn't eat things
in the three-dimensional world.
They didn't eat fruits.
They didn't eat meat.
They don't eat
nothing but energy.
So that's why they needed people
in the three-dimensional world
creating a lot of energy, so
they could eat and survive
in the fourth dimension.
And that is why a lot of
beings in the fourth dimension
are trying to control
that we are not
able to handle our emotions,
so they can still eat.
But it's something that we
cannot judge because we do
the same with
animals and plants.
The teaching of some Aessir,
some Nemnir, some Alithir,
and some Soffhir
were to teach humans
to be able to handle
those emotions because we
had two different people in
every one of those species.
The ones that said we need
to use humans as factories
to get our minerals
for our worlds,
to get energy to
feed our spirits,
and there were the other ones
that said but we are dying.
If we die and they are
alive, so we lose anyway.
So what we had to do is
to transcend through them
and teach them our ways, so
we can survive in history
through their blood.
So that's why we have these two
ways in which some reptilians
wanted to control us.
Some reptilians
wanted to help us.
Some Annunaki wanted to help us.
Some Annunaki wanted
to control us.
There was not all of them
trying to do the same.
So that's why one
of those families
started to be against the
rules of one of the Aessir,
and they gave the power
to humans to build
their own civilizations.
That is the moment that
every human and every culture
in the planet in the same time
discovered how to handle fire.
[FLAMES WHIPPING]
So that's why we had
in this mythology
in the ideas of Greece
and India and Mexico
and every culture in
the world, in Egypt, we
have these families of
giants that were teaching us
how to handle emotions
inside, but also a few of them
trying to control
this world, trying
to control the energy
that we create every day.
Alithir came to see how they
could fit in this planet.
So that's why when their
time period finished,
they just passed
their information
to every shamanic
culture in Asia,
in Siberia, and all the regions
of west United States, Canada,
Alaska, Central America,
and all the Andes Mountains.
They gave that
information so we could
have that knowledge of how
to be related to the Earth
and heaven at the same time.
But what we have more present
today is what Aessir gave us.
Aessir gave us the
structure of society.
Aessir gave us the basis of our
culture, our society structure.
They gave us the construction
of the first temples
with big stones.
We can find these big stones
and big temples that they built
and they created
all over the planet.
They had settlements
in Middle East
all over and in the
Mediterranean Sea,
in Central America, in Asia.
They had different
spots, wherever
you find these big blocks,
these big stones, that
are the basements
for the new temples,
were guided by the Aessir
and built by humans.
So even if they have been not
much nice with us in history,
most of them have given to us
the main tools that we have
today to create civilizations.
They have given us the
power of revolution,
to realize that there is
no one that can control us,
that we have more
power, because we
are the main source of
the power of everyone.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano.
In the next episode, we
will explore a series
on Orion, and why these
major portals became
the fathers and the
mothers of civilization.
[SOFT MUSIC PLAYING]